Yeah, well done.
Is there anything else?
Sister, what do I think?
Come on, you're in the office
It just so happens that I haven't been disappointed in the office yet.
Director Su of the Planning Department
I didn't see anything.
Okay, what about the office?
I like it on top
Thank you. Hmm.
Thank you wife for coming to me
Honey, let's have a baby
Give him all my love
Let him grow up healthy
Kid
I'll think about it.
Dare to consider
force
The child is hard, the child is coming out soon.
No, no, come on
Ah!
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Work hard, the child is coming out soon.
Hey nurse
My wife seems to be in pain
Does it take so long to have a baby? This family member?
Women give birth to children like this
Haven't you heard of it?
This woman gave birth to a child and went through the gates of hell
Your wife would give birth to your child and suffer so much
You have to cherish it.
Congratulations, Mr. Fu is a son
safe mother and child
How did it go?
Sorry wife
I didn't know giving birth was so painful
Let's never have children again, okay?
No next time
I'll pay you back next time.
Ok I am